All right.
In the last section, we have populated the users using many fake hair touches.
As you can see, now we have.
And different images and different user names that are populated randomly.
If you refresh the page, if you turn on the server and ponder on death.
And then we wait for the server to be.
On.
OK, the service started.
So refresh the page now you should see new images and new usernames.
All right, in this section, we are going to style this story section based on our final version of
the project.
You can see we have a.
Well, let me zoom a little bit, each image has a border wide border and also a red border around it
showing this story.
The usernames is limited, and if the user names was too long, it gets three dots at the end or in
other words, we can say they are truncated.
And then.
The background color of this story section is white.
It has some border as well.
So let's start a styling.
From this story touches in this story that is inside the image tag, the attack class name.
And first, we just change the height to be 14, so make it smaller.
And we make it round by just using rounded and rounded.
I want to be full.
So we just say rounded for we can see here.
Let me zoom here as well.
You can see better.
The changes.
All right.
Next.
We add that the border divide border first is just by using using it padding of one and a half.
Pixels.
We just at something around there, and now if we add to the border of red, we can see the white font
around the image.
And as soon as I did the border, you can see that.
There is a border around it, but the border is gray.
This change it to red.
And.
Five hundred.
So this side of the border is zero by default.
We just change the border to be too.
So now you can see it better.
All right, and then let's add some hover effect.
First, we change, add the curse of Pointer.
So when we hover over the.
This story, the user, we can't see a pointing hand.
Let's change the hover effect to be a big change this scale.
Two hundred and ten percent or just 10 percent extra.
The default is 100 percent, which is one hundred and ten minutes, 10 percent extra, you can see here,
but it's very sharp.
Let's make it a little bit smaller by adding transition on the transform property, which has the scale
trance form.
And we make it to be 200 milliseconds by adjusting duration.
Two hundred.
Now we have a small.
Uh, hover fact.
Let's make it is our.
So.
So it goes fast and then goes back a slower.
That's the style, the text, they use their name.
It's decreased the size, a lot of it.
So the text should be.
We just changed the class name.
The techs want to make it a small joysticks extra small excess for extra small.
And then we want the width to be 14 so we can truncate the extra line.
So we just say, Kate, when we have more than four months, so this user was bigger than.
14.
So it's truncated.
All right, now, everything is OK here.
And the.
We just need to his story is at a Flexbox to be bringing them everything next to each other.
So we go to stories that yes.
And.
Just in this thing that covers this stories that map.
We had a class name and we just changed the Flex display flags, so everything comes next to each other.
The outer space between the.
The images by just saying a basics to it's like marching and then we have padding six to push everything
to the center a little bit.
Then we have background white, so we make the make it white and we have some marching at the top like
eight.
So if I zoom a little bit, we can see the marching at the top at the border as well.
So we make the border gray.
200.
And we is just say border, so we have border one actually in default border means one pixel border
border with one pixel.
So now it's very nice, but it's actually it's going over our page.
But we want it to be like a scrollable and finish just here, and the extra B is cruel.
For doing that, we just need to act over flow.
Eggs.
It's cruel.
No.
Instead of going outside, we have a scroll here.
So we can go right and left.
And let's, uh, in a bigger size.
No, it's full size.
Let's add some uh.
Make it rounded as well, because later we want to put it in the middle, we don't want it to be across
all the websites, so we just say rounded seem to have a rounded border.
You cannot see it yet, but when we have a.
The when we put it inside a little bit, we can see the border into the bigger size.
All right, so and then for is, if you go to inside the official website of Instagram, we don't have
this is cruel, but actually we kind of scroll it.
We don't.
We don't have this one.
In order to remove this, the scroll bar, we can use a package called, Yeah, tailwind a scroll bar.
We just need to search.
On Google Tailwind as cruel.
Bar.
Here we have an npm package, Tillmann Escrow Bar.
So we call, we click on this.
And we can stop it using yarn or npm install it, just copied this line of code.
We stopped the server and we paste the link.
The next thing we need to do is add this plug in to the plug ins.
If you remember, we did this phone for children's services forums, so we just copy this.
This require.
And we go to telling that conflict that this and the added.
Just here.
So now we have to requires forms and a school.
Now we start a server.
So now I'll show you how to remove this scrollbar easily.
So inside this story, such as just here, we can add now a scroll bar.
As you can see, too many new options are added for a Skirboll because of this package.
We just choose a scroll bar.
None.
And in a second, we shouldn't see.
I would just let me refresh the page.
Yeah, we don't see any school about animal baths using shift and a scroll bar.
What we can do is we can scroll on the exercise.
If you and a computer, if you are in the mobile, you can use the Touch Bar to go right and left.
Yeah, that was it for this story.
Uh, it started off of this story part, let's uh and everything to get hot and we can go to the next
video.
So we just say get commands
and the message would be.
His style, the.
PC, sorry.
S. And and so.
Tailwind.
Scrollbar.
We just push it to get off by using get push ups.
Let's go to our top.
Refresh the page, and we see now we have eight comments already.
So stylish story, fiction and tall tale run.
Scrollbar, so you see that in stories that we added Flex and also remove the scrollbar.
And in the story that, yes, we make it a smaller, rounded and we added the reporter with the animation
using transition.
Yeah, we installed the package called Tillmann Scrollbar, and we added as a plugin inside tailwind
that config.
That is.
Yeah, that was it for our for this section.
In the next section, we're going to start with the post section.
So see you in the next section.